Mention isFinite surprises; align with isNaN (#27875)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/isfinite/index.md

{{jsSidebar("Objects")}}

> The **`isFinite()`** function determines whether a value is finite when converted to a number. A finite number is one that's not {{jsxref("NaN")}} or ±{{jsxref("Infinity")}}. Because coercion inside the `isFinite()` function can be [surprising](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN#description), you may alternatively want to use {{jsxref("Number.isFinite()")}}.

Reviewer: Are we recommending, or "just saying"? In any case, possibly slight improvement.

```suggestion
The **`isFinite()`** function determines whether a value is finite when converted to a number. A finite number is one that's not {{jsxref("NaN")}} or ±{{jsxref("Infinity")}}. Because coercion inside the `isFinite()` function can be [surprising](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN#description), you may prefer to use {{jsxref("Number.isFinite()")}}.
```
